star I see area da da da da da chip
hey was it that wasn't followed you
divine who's doing what I shall model
fuji that causes damp with the earth is
Miguel mother yeah we show up well yeah
so with you they should actually with my
way don't know see it why don't we it's
not what your father what is beautiful
with each other well just a thought
anyway well the three way so they can
tomorrow well Devon stores on ship way
oh my just about everything where's
Bernie a school ma niche is our rather
no nobody did you three do da da best
yeah and actually Philippi he does to
you you're ready to talk me oh yeah
there's no no sir cabrion ferocity